c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\MaryKay.dll.config
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\MaryKay.dll
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\MaryKay.pdb
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\obj\Debug\MaryKay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\obj\Debug\MaryKay.dll
c:\users\allen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MaryKay\MaryKay\obj\Debug\MaryKay.pdb
